Anime Nano, na no!
Published on June 01, 2006.
And now for a little “What I did during my Summer vacation.”
Well, I’ve been brushing up on my ‘gramming skills. And I’m pretty much done with my first web app. It’s called Anime Nano .
As in “Anime, na no.”
I know, only two or so of you will get that.
Basically, It’s an anime blog feed indexer.
There’s also a forum in there that I wrote in a day.
Since its grand opening on midnight, quite a few anime blogs have joined in on the action.
For those who are interested, it’s written purely in Ruby on Rails.
I learned the language, learned some css skills, and wrote the project in about 3 weeks.
RoR is a cool way to produce web application code in an Object Oriented paradigm.
I’m losing most of you, aren’t I?
My next web app is still a secret, but I’ll let you know when that hits.
For now, visit AnimeNano at http://www.animenano.com and let me know what you think.
Is it ugly?
Is it cute?
Is it teh suck?
Perhaps all of the above…